docs/guides/plugins.md, before:

# Plugin Development

Learn how to build and register a standalone invoker script using the Sierra‑SDK plugin system. This guide walks you through defining dependencies, input parameters, result outputs, and the plugin loader function.

## Step 1 — Import Sierra

```python
import sierra
```

Use the core `sierra` module to access all plugin interfaces, decorators, parameter wrappers, and result constructors.

---

## Step 2 — Define an `InvokerScript`

Start by creating an `InvokerScript` object. This acts as the root definition of your plugin logic.

```python
invoker = sierra.InvokerScript(
    name="greet",
    description="Prints a personalized greeting message."
)
```

---

## Step 3 — Register Dependencies

You can define helper functions that are not exposed as command-line parameters but are needed by your entry point.

```python
@invoker.dependency
def random_function_one(param: int) -> int:
    return param * 2

@invoker.dependency
def random_function_two(message: str) -> str:
    return message.upper()
```

---

## Step 4 — Define the Entry Point

Mark the main function using `@invoker.entry_point`. Input arguments should use `sierra.Param` and `sierra.SierraOption`.

```python
@invoker.entry_point
def run(
    name: sierra.Param[
        str | None,
        sierra.SierraOption(description="Name of the person to greet.", mandatory="MANDATORY")
    ],
    polite: sierra.Param[
        bool | None,
        sierra.SierraOption(description="Include polite greeting?", mandatory=None)
    ] = False
) -> None:
    if name is None:
        result = sierra.create_error_result("Missing mandatory parameter: name")
    else:
        greeting = f"Hello, {name}!"
        if polite:
            greeting = f"Good day to you, {name}!"
        result = sierra.create_tree_result([greeting])
    print(result)
```

---

## Step 5 — Load the Plugin

The plugin must define a `load()` function. This hook is invoked by the Sierra plugin loader to register your invoker.

```python
def load(client: sierra.SierraDevelopmentClient) -> None:
    client.load_invoker(invoker)
```

---

## Summary

| Component               | Purpose                                            |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `InvokerScript()`       | Defines a new plugin/invoker                       |
| `@invoker.dependency`   | Adds a helper function to the script               |
| `@invoker.entry_point`  | Marks the main callable                            |
| `sierra.Param[...]`     | Wraps a parameter with typing and options metadata |
| `load()`                | Registers the invoker into the plugin system       |
| `create_tree_result()`  | Generates structured tree output                   |
| `create_error_result()` | Returns a formatted error                          |

Once created, this invoker becomes discoverable by Sierra CLI or GUI runners.

Commit message:

The path system now enforces an env name without spaces! Solved most of the stuffs, including that of wrongful  parameter in env manager. Now it uses platform not Added the system of  to the docs, and forced the installation of individual invoker's requirements.

docs/guides/plugins.md, after:

# Plugin Development

Learn how to build and register a standalone invoker script using the Sierra‑SDK plugin system. This guide walks you through defining dependencies, input parameters, result outputs, and the plugin loader function.

## Step 1 — Import Sierra

```python
import sierra
import requests
```

Use the core `sierra` module to access all plugin interfaces, decorators, parameter wrappers, and result constructors.

---

## Step 2 — Define an `InvokerScript`

Start by creating an `InvokerScript` object. This acts as the root definition of your plugin logic. And putting in requirements inside `invoker.requirement`

```python
invoker = sierra.InvokerScript(
    name="greet",
    description="Prints a personalized greeting message."
)


invoker.requirement(["requests"])
```

---

## Step 3 — Register Dependencies

You can define helper functions that are not exposed as command-line parameters but are needed by your entry point.

```python
@invoker.dependency
def random_function_one(param: int) -> int:
    return param * 2

@invoker.dependency
def random_function_two(message: str) -> str:
    return message.upper()
```

---

## Step 4 — Define the Entry Point

Mark the main function using `@invoker.entry_point`. Input arguments should use `sierra.Param` and `sierra.SierraOption`.

```python
@invoker.entry_point
def run(
    name: sierra.Param[
        str | None,
        sierra.SierraOption(description="Name of the person to greet.", mandatory="MANDATORY")
    ],
    polite: sierra.Param[
        bool | None,
        sierra.SierraOption(description="Include polite greeting?", mandatory=None)
    ] = False
) -> None:
    if name is None:
        result = sierra.create_error_result("Missing mandatory parameter: name")
    else:
        greeting = f"Hello, {name}!"
        if polite:
            greeting = f"Good day to you, {name}!"
        result = sierra.create_tree_result([greeting])
    print(result)
```

---

## Step 5 — Load the Plugin

The plugin must define a `load()` function. This hook is invoked by the Sierra plugin loader to register your invoker.

```python
def load(client: sierra.SierraDevelopmentClient) -> None:
    client.load_invoker(invoker)
```

---

## Summary

| Component               | Purpose                                            |
| ----------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `InvokerScript()`       | Defines a new plugin/invoker                       |
| `@invoker.dependency`   | Adds a helper function to the script               |
| `@invoker.entry_point`  | Marks the main callable                            |
| `sierra.Param[...]`     | Wraps a parameter with typing and options metadata |
| `load()`                | Registers the invoker into the plugin system       |
| `create_tree_result()`  | Generates structured tree output                   |
| `create_error_result()` | Returns a formatted error                          |

Once created, this invoker becomes discoverable by Sierra CLI or GUI runners.
